# vim

### Table of Contents
* [`Description`](#description): What the module does and why it is useful.
* [`Setup`](#setup): The basics of getting started with vim.
  * [`Beginning`](#beginning-with-vim): How to begin with vim using this module.
* [`Usage`](#usage): Configuration options and additional functionality.
* [`Reference`](#reference): Peek under the hood.
* [`Limitations`](#limitations): OS compatibility and other limitations
* [`Development`](#development): When you want to contribute to this module.

## Description
This module ensures that the vim package is installed and handles its configuration file.

## Setup
Necessary setup steps that will help you start with this module are found underneath.

### Beginning with vim
In order to install vim you only have to include the module:
```puppet
class{vim:}
```

## Usage
Most options and use cases can be found by reading the options given by our [`Reference`](#reference).

If you want to override our default settings you can do so by setting the parameters when calling the class, for example:
```puppet
class{vim:
    dark_background => false,
    lazy_redraw     => false,
    max_line_length => 79
}
```

## Reference
For a full reference on the class docs see the REFERENCE.md file, which is generated by Puppet strings.

## Limitations
This module has been tested on:
* Ubuntu 16.04
* Ubuntu 18.04

Testing on other platforms has not been done yet.

## Development
This project has been released under the Apache License 2.0 and is considered open software.
Everyone is permitted to make changes as long as the above license is followed.

See [our guidelines](https://wiki.itsburning.nl/puppet:guide_lines) to learn about what guidelines to follow.
